I'm trying to record this video and i
have heard sirens and planes and now
there's actually a train going by I
don't even know where there's train
tracks around here hey guys so the other
day yesterday actually I was going
through my youtube video manager by key
do and i was looking at all things that
i'd done and to my surprise I found out
that for years to go today I was
uploading a video on how to d2 and store
your lipsticks in stackable plastic
containers if you have seen that video
or if you haven't there's actually a
little clip at the end of that 30
seconds music video involving containers
of lipstick a chicken in a mac counter
and I wrote a song called chicken at Mac
if you haven't seen the video I'll
include a link to it in the description
of this one course I also though
included it on my website just today as
a downloadable kind of thing you can
download the video if you'd like you can
also download the song if you just want
that for a ringtone or an alarm or maybe
if you're baking it can be like a timer
thing there will of course be a link
where in the description of this video
to that should you choose to download it
one of the other things that I was going
to tell you because I was feeling all
festive and sherry when I originally
started this channel I was just going to
be doing music I wasn't going to do
makeup that I was actually in the middle
of working on an album and I was doing a
lot of recording in front of the camera
I'm going to share with you one of those
videos this is an old one this probably
look four and a half five years old I
was up in the attic my hair is in my
face the entire time it's a song from
the last album that I did called
benediction which is available now on
iTunes Amazon CD baby and you can listen
free on Spotify should you like just
choose search for Dustin hunter choose
Justin Hunter yes that's right and this
song is called right here if you're a
fan of the song if you know the song
listen to it because you'll hear that
it's a bit different than the version on
the record not only is it just me and a
guitar sitting in my attic but it
actually has a bridge in it that did not
make it on the album version which I'm
kind of sad about because I really like
it i think it's really sweet it just
on the recording so this is kind of a
brand new version brand-new very old
version of a song called right here from
my last record benediction and I hope
you enjoy it so that's it thanks so much
for watching happy Anniversary chicken
and mac and until I see you guys next
time which will be soon please remember
take care and drive safe
I didn't owe everything I thought I I
needed to do not singing or what but
everything Ivan thought up I needed to
do
I've ever sleep with a mission mother
brain baby I see you if it did not rain
but I'm here it's over cast and not
clear
so I said oh no no pen and no phone and
up
I said hello you were alone in believing
it to
you'd bump and tell me up on this lovely
day I tell you everything you could not
say is your shine you can't even look
the evil movie
oh no not suiting
still maybe we find a place somewhere
far away where we both just hang from 3d
as who needs a la another we've got each
other than I believe it every evening
just to crawling in the venom in even
long the homes nights when we talk
instead and you love love women heavens
touch your skin
when you know finally see
you
I
Oh
you